[Music]
and
i i
[Music]
C
s ah
[Music]
m
no
[Music]
est not on the screen You're gonna
know everything With news that will catch you You won't
be able to move Gossip kisses laughter and
passion Get ready for the action Let's
start the nights worth
singing Secrets drama and fun That's
gonna trap you and you won't want to leave
[Music]
Plus everything that happens on TV here you're gonna
hear What story will
move you It can't stop Let's go what
happens on TV here you're gonna
hear
Each story will move you The night ca
n't stop Let's start the
nights that you're gonna
love Secrets drama and fun The
show will tie you up and you won't want it anymore
[Music]
[Applause]
Let's start now The nights are gonna
love you Secrets drama and fun The
show will tie you up and you won't want it anymore Everything
that happens on TV here you're gonna
hear  every story will excite you
no no can
start secrets drama and
[Music]
fun you can't be given a toy
eh listen to me less you warned me and it
was good okay Nothing's left I'll leave it here you ca
n't have a microphone Eh you were already
there messing things up What's going on How's it going on What if
suddenly of course as I'm
used to you you appear and I can hear
confirm to me that I can hear all this But
today you've decided no no Today I've
decided no Today I've gone crazier
than ever yes the camera is a
little torida there I adjust it But well
today is that I'm having a crazy day crazy eh I
mean I'm taking it on Friday I want to take the
kid to the beach I don't know if it's going to be
able to be on Friday or Saturday I
saw something around here that we're
cheap now everything with the issue that
we're not in season yet listen to me and of
course I have the agenda for the whole
week but square sima like a
Tetri like a Tetri so we
recorded a video for the main channel
that has been again 100 pages of
script that I have gone  I'm recording, I've cut
the gym and I've continued recording
Justin Bieber's now in a while it'll be on
the main channel, of course, it's the topic
of the week. Right now, well, well, it's going to
be the topic of the month, I would say, okay,
what happened with Tuyupa came out, Tuyupa has some
statements from Francua's lawyer
and come here, we
came here from there, listen to me, you're going to
be one of the few who will be
lucky enough this weekend to step on the
beach with good weather, let's hope so, let's hope so, it's been
very good, it's
been very good but well, I don't think I'm one
of the few, I mean, I think there
are a lot of people from the South who have probably
already stepped on it because today it's been a day.
Here, well, 30 degrees, look, and I see it. Of
course, 30 degrees today here, 30 degrees today
in Seville, I mean, we've gone from
floods, eh, that there have been in a large
part of Spain, from rains in Ávila,
flooded Madrid, which was horrendous, in the
north, horrendous, and man, if you're
that lucky, I don't know where you're going, I mean, you don't even
say it, never, never  I say it clearly before
yes it depends it depends it depends but come on I've
seen something a little cheap there on
the beach of course right now It's all I
think Lorena bought something that
costs 100 100 150 for the
whole weekend Of course because it's high season
Of course but it seems really cheap to me on the
street on the street I mean sleeping
with someone with someone not thrown away that you're
fooling me Don't tell me no right now right
now Yes right now that and I've
been or I mean we've been for a month working
full time on the weekends even with
live shows we have to give these people a little bit of
life too let's see from
time to time we have to stop and see I
'm a little sad because 150 bucks
Look at the 150 for the whole weekend Hey it
seems to me but per person no no no no no I was
going for personal you don't pay in the in the
hotels daughter the whole weekend let's
see let's see how come you don't pay 150 bucks
per person all in the hotels in
February no sorry in February in March
well March almost April no no it's
very  well it's very well no that we have to
live I mean we have to live that I was saying that I am that I
'm a little sad
because I've almost been talking today
with a person who also you Well, let's
see to give a clue is not the
first one that I've told you and that we
talked about that turu is uh another person that I
also mentioned to you after you who has
been here in some way has been
here and that he never usually I think he's
never been on any channel and he's never
done any pu almost never anything and that
well no, now if I say this it's going to be
known who he is and I have to tell the
world that I haven't seen but I'm going to
advance this so that later he saves his
words you told me yes they have been
clear No but there is one that there is no one who has
been here in a way because I
but who has been in a way but there is
one that is that [ __ ] that was [ __ ] that
was even made a program
Here [ __ ] man with IB No more no
less But Javi let's see [ __ ] [ __ ] it's that let's
see of course but that has never done
interviews that he is not an except for that he has
never never done interviews of
interviews No it  I know but I would say
yes no I don't know I don't know I don't know it by
heart I don't know but come on here of course he's
done a damn program [ __ ] man
No look look he's one of the people
that's why not I mean He sent us greetings
yeah yeah yes yes yes yes and I think that [ __ ] he
's a classic and all And it would be very very
good what happens is that in the end it's getting
together look I never thought that
a person like him would adapt so much
because he's the good one it's the past and
the present of communication there
castill la mancha it's like Wow and and very
soon I'm going to see him and [ __ ] he's a guy
that
I know that everyone admires and that it
would be cool to have him here and I don't
know I thought you were going to react differently
Look I was going to react
differently
I clo like like you now no of course No
but F no I don't
know no no no what's going on what's going on I wish I wish What
happens is that well I don't know if he's going to
say yes I hope you get over it if I've
told you if I've told you for something of course  I've
told you yes
already but I don't have my head where I
have it No no come on [ __ ] but come on it's that I wouldn't care
if there were
500 spectators trust what I'm telling you if
we were here which I don't think I don't think I
think but even if we were I'm
going on a professional level a chat with
this person is history is history of
course Javi has already said and he has said
something key there and people have
caught on Of course of course No people have
caught on I mean it's clear let's see if they're
going to take us off or are they going to try to tell it
should in fact should in fact have
happened around here Well it's already happened in some
way but of course no no no way man I would
be really excited Yes yes and
maybe with Paula you're going to have a
meeting soon because like
next week you Maybe we'll give each other
a chance no but I'm going to tell you
Why I'm going to tell you Why I don't know if it's
going to be like you wish But in some
way it could be no no no I'm not going to
tell you Why like next week
well like next week Thursday I'll
start  the TV I'm going to stay
there for 10 days And that means that I'm going to step
foot in an event again and I think
that day I'm going to start crying because
my sauces are My events or Well for
me what I do at home is a bit difficult, I mean Well I
do it But I do it But I'm going to go
back to my events and Paula is a
classic of the events I'm not telling you that I'll
go all the weeks but maybe it's
probable that Paula [ __ ] Not for today
I was in one I don't know what Yeah yeah today I
was in one today I was in something it happens
that many times they are not events that
interest us because many times not but
well even if it's not a live show Well
but well in some way with videos
when I come here maybe a surprise awaits you
maybe I don't tell you and
suddenly you know you you you Let yourself flow through
life You Let yourself flow because that is the
best thing I am one of those who let themselves eh
I am one of those who let themselves
But lately I tell you such and such And
you tell me what topic how about No I don't know
if you let yourself flow eh Maybe of course it
is  that's clear let's see I'm going to
ask her look why do you see today it didn't
add up this didn't add up no Today It didn't add up
today it didn't add up but look I'm
going to ask people I can
ask people don't tell her don't
tell her pora don't tell her poor thing but of
course it wouldn't have added up Of course
when you told me I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm distracted I
also told you that I'm going I'm going I'm distracted
but when you told me at the beginning I read it say of course here here delighted for people to come but of course when you told me I
said what the
[ __ ] let's talk to that woman today maybe another
day maybe another day yes
but today of course you put her here
now I'm staying Okay good afternoon
what do you think would be more surreal
bringing her or our group with Well it
would be similar not with Esperanza Aguirre
or with Lidia Lozano who we followed No
man but Esperanza made a sense
in is in that season for example
Esperanza now you bring her here come out I would
tell you the same for me tra Samuel Of course
but that day Of course it made all the sense
in the world very much punctured for what it
was eh  I mean, I don't understand many times
but I think that's why I upload
so many things that many times sj that's what it
deserved H yeah it's true yes yes for the
subject that it was And that S happens that they don't
upload as many things and many times it
also happens that people are very envious
then and since people are very envious they do
n't react to many things that we
put because in the past when there weren't
so many YouTube channels okay
everyone was reacting to everything
I said and everything you know that Aha it
still revolves a little bit around what
such No but before anything and they
would react to it they would do it such And now
for not giving us credit you understand
many times because [ __ ] it was
[ __ ]
Aguirre at that moment of course was
very interesting to me it seems spectacular
Well the thing is that the person the
person that I have told you so that
people know is very similar but much more
fun because with hope it was difficult or
rather it is another profile but very similar to
Esperanza that well people can well
think whoever it is and yes it's true
that I say come on such but maybe it
is true that today  it fit but
another day it could in fact he's been
here too well who hasn't been
here too cl but has
been spending some time but one thing
Clearly you would have planted it here
people would have stayed a bit you
think of course what was expected Clearly you
imagine that now decd Hey this lady comes in
and now the people well And where have we
come today clear or I mean clear it didn't
fit it didn't fit it didn't fit but I
for example no eh The day that
Esperanza came for me and whether there was more or less an
audience that day for me the talk is very
enriching yes on a professional level and on a
personal level totally And you are more or
less in agreement or not but for example
there are other things that maybe you think that
such and or another interview and repeat you
Peta the video I don't I don't understand it I the one of the
defender me there wasn't one that well eh there was
one I didn't understand it coincidentally
the one that stood I don't know in 300000 that I
said this this What is I mean YouTube
YouTube suddenly takes a video and
sends it to you and then you see  you who
then came the other one the other time and and no
but let's go anyway we're going to keep
calling him Likewise eh Here we work
Here we always work constantly and there will
be things that go better he continues he
continues
writing to me almost every day he
writes to me to well to send me his
interventions like Well here I have
this topic and then he tells me that we only
call him but it's that he asks you for it
man doesn't say hello call me
But well Eh yes no Well now I don't know what
you Ah no now maybe there is no
last time It also fell badly eh because
people are also very of their people
want to hear what they already have an opinion that is a
failure many times of the
audience eh because they want to
hear what they already have an opinion and it's
like But if you already have an opinion it's like that for
example in the case of Anabel they applauded
what the man said because it was what
they wanted to hear And then of
course and that same thing would surely give
shared like and things that position
what happened with the minors
of Badjo because what he said to me No I did
not agree with him but well
a  interviewed when you interview
someone you don't have to agree
with them you're interviewing them Listen you
bring them in so you can give their opinion so that was that was
the opinion and the vision
of the child's advocate of course What happened
that G didn't like it because they didn't say
what well it's clear it's clear but
many times yes I have had to
do it several times not at the level of Well
at the level of vit kiles I'm not talking about
asking uncomfortable questions or questions
that the citizens or that people on the
street would ask no no like neither agreeing with him
nor questions but if he is
raising or he is in this case he is
defending because he was defending I
can understand it Not a person who has
worked 30 40 50 years with minors but
precisely because of that precisely because of and
because of what he has experienced that he said that he
had also experienced complicated situations
with them
eh It was hard for me that he
said that the law worked that well and
well that I understand that his information
is his profession But well there are things that I
think are a reality not that I
knew that that was going to general when
we recorded it I said my goodness already  you see and
the comments were 90 because they were from
this gentleman this gentleman well let's see you
can understand a little the indignation no
the crime was a little terrifying
every time there is an issue related to him, that
is, with minors, don't call for me if he
wants to come we will always keep
calling him Do you think he wants to yes yes yes I
think so I think he likes eh family
today I have set a goal because it's
Wednesday still so I don't know if I should
announce it yet You know that I usually
announce on Thursday or Friday the guest
of the Sunday podcast with frag in the
main okay We already have it closed we are
almost closed for
next week Eh This is another task this is
another task esbo Write it to me please you do
n't know No to see my face but this
is another task that I have
done to put on another podcast and now I have to
be with the mind that I have to
have a guest because if I don't
have a guest Sunday comes and there is no
podcast you know Yes yes I know I know what it is what it
is And then we are going to let's
put on the Marina the
guest to see and it depends  from the face you
make, you'll be interested or not, right
tomorrow. Well, I'll say that at the end,
tomorrow we also have, I have the whole
day to see and what happens here. I was also going to have
invited but Javi didn't
like it eh it wasn't because of
me okay let's see Come on
Wow wow look, I'm not joking, I'm not joking, I'm not joking no no no I don't
know if no no Uh
powerful man
eh Oh, he got those [ __ ] balls I swear I
swear Wow powerful powerful we
recorded it we recorded it on Friday and
I get up to record it I get up
early early to record it and I'm leaving eh
But anyway, if we reach the goal, I'll
announce it today eh if we reach the
goal, it's worth it eh I
think supporting good content and
knowing and knowing that person, let's see,
I can give the usual clue that no one is
going to guess okay no one is going to
guess with the man, trust me, trust
me after years eh Look, the only
clue I can give is that he doesn't do like with
Ramon Chu Let's see, no no no the only clue I
can give  don't think I could
give too many more eh stop let's see
the kids who are here in the
chat
It's that 99% of the people in this chat
know him man I think everyone knows him
not those from your
salsería I'm telling you that 50% man it's a
clue it's a pistill this is a
pistill it's a clue well it's clear
that it's not going to be West School nor is it going to be
one of the I mean it could it's a it's we're
ruling out you know it's a it's a
small clue he's a singer yes I
said singer and and well well let's
start with him let's start with the
iron okay let's start Dallas
not Dallas as if Dallas you're already part
of the dlas family of the team almost not
well it could be Pablo Franco it could be
because like this gentleman that I have to
answer on Twitter and like Keep going like this
there's another one that I don't want to get into [ __ ]
But there's another one I was going to put the clip in the
end I didn't download it It's that you know
what happens I have a problem with the
program this I have a problem that
now I can't put clips or rather I can't
share the screen and put  a
clip like before I don't know why I have
no [ __ ] idea I don't know why I
have to download them and have them
down here prepared too that's what I
have how have I not told you on
WhatsApp Send me the click that has
been helping me before to download me I
clicked while I was at the at the
tuyupa because I have to
download them I don't know why What's wrong with the
program that I do like this I share and it
looks laggy well it's happened you haven't
seen it it looks like this laggy pass ma see I
have it that now I have to be an hour
before the live download the clips and
prepare it and all that stuff But anyway
let's get to the first news of the day eh
that is related to the title that
Marina told me that Amador has to
est quet trina e But not to me, she didn't
tell me and I told you with reason Eh
well other colleagues They are already handling the subject
that I thought I mean
nobody is handling it in the media and I have
done this Aurelio Well now I will put you in
context of how this has been done but
come on Comment comment Come on let's  watch
the
video the city that saw the birth of the great
Roco Jurado 19 years after her death
the
cameras have come here to discover
tell me But if I sent you the
link to Aurelio's Instagram that you can't I can't
sea I just told you
two minutes ago Of course but well it's the
same video no yes it happens that the
speed cl Well of course okay Ah it
's retouched well better let's see I don't know it works for me okay
her best kept secret her
museum was inaugurated in
2022 but for the first time
television cameras have gained access to the
Rocío Carrasco museum it was her dream to
have in her in her native Chipiona to have
a place where she would be all her life
here you can feel her presence it's as if
each one of these dresses
that the famous and legendary singer
wore during her glory years came to life these
train dresses were made
especially for her all the
dresses are there so we
rotate them there's no prior selection
because they are put on depending on the
week or depending on the month they
put on
different things Yeah, I don't really believe
Rocío Carrasco because she says that  every
week or every month the
dresses change, I didn't understand that, I didn't
understand that, but I don't know. Well,
she says it there, she doesn't have to
lie there. But all month long,
different things are put on
display. There are also the covers of
her most successful musical productions,
her first contracts, and many of the
awards she received throughout her
career. Here you see the keys to the city
of Miami, presented in
1990, and the award from the Association of
Entertainment Critics of New York,
as well as the Medal of Merit for the
Fine Arts, received in
1995 by the King and Queen of Spain. And of
course, the
endearing photographs with friends like
Iglesias and José José couldn't be missing. It's a museum that
's very much alive, it's a tribute to my
mother. Her daughter also produced a musical
that bears her mother's name. We have
a musical. Well, with a live band,
with her real dresses,
inside the play, with images and
effects, we have a musical where you can
smell it, feel it, you can feel it from the very
beginning. Ah, they're missing. Ah, the best is missing, there's no
more. Good. I'll tell you about it. If not, yes, yes, tell it, okay, it's
missing.  better in the video which is
the end Well first of all, in case you are
n't seeing this, eh, this is
good And apart from the fact that this was done by
Aurelio Manzano for the program Primer
Impacto which is broadcast on Telemundo now
I'm going to explain the context and the
best part is that Rocío Carrasco Anabel
Dueñas and I think she's the person in
charge of this who I imagine will
be Fidel are in negotiations with
Miami I don't know what other place it will be what he
says there Miami Mexico it seems to me and
some other place to take the musical
there there obviously man it wasn't
like Rocío Durcal no but Río Jurado
had its audience and she is loved there and she
is known there let's not compare not with
other great ones of the time but it is
in negotiations and the intention is to make
the leap there in quotes as soon as
possible to continue with that tour no and
make it known there
eh Let's see, I think that this, the fact
that Aurelio has traveled to
Chipiona Aurelio and a Camera in the end
man he is doing his job they
sell this to foreigners who also as far as
I understand well no  It's not
paid too badly either. Aurelio and
Rocío have a good relationship. I don't know if it's
here. What counts is that it's the first
time that a camera has entered the museum
to do a report as far as I
understand. Yes, I don't have it. I think it was
when the museum opened, if I'm not
mistaken, and if I remember correctly,
lately my memory has been going
in the Indian, my goodness, and their comments.
So then, I. Why have I seen
images of the museum? You've seen images
of the museum. But have you seen like this tour
exactly? I've been there. I've
seen it too. I've seen photos, but have you
seen like a report on the
museum?
Host. It's that to me when he said that about
opening its doors to television for the first time, it
sounds the same to me, if he's also
referring to a, I don't know, it sounds like I've
seen a lot, I mean, I can't tell you from memory,
if a tour, but it sounds like I've seen
a lot, of course. Now, I couldn't tell you if it's
been on some channel or not, but well,
if it says there, for the first time on
television, it will be no. Ah, you're
referring to,
eh, it's that no, I don't know if they had done it with
consent,
to see, I have  seen I don't know if I've
seen images I've seen some frame
photographs but I don't know if they've
done a tour eh eh in that way or if
to do that it requires is that I
don't know eh if it is required that's why I'll
see obviously Ah it has the
authorization of Rocío to do whatever
besides it is a promotional purpose I don't know
to what extent I don't know How is the
museum going How not I can't tell you good
or bad if you call there obviously they will
give you some information or if you ask
at the town hall they will give you some
data that I imagine are the official ones
not in sálvame at the time it seems to me that
in sálvame we have seen more or
less similar images it could be it could be it could be
So neither done that it is
a very long video it is not three three
minutes and a bit that the report lasts I tried I tried to
look for it on the page in
the Primer Impacto program And such But to
put the contents are available
for your country and on Aurelio's Instagram
which is what I sent you Of course I didn't
know that you couldn't put this This is
where it comes out well a little more of what we
have  seen in this clip and it's where it
says about the musical, no, that there are like
negotiations eh with Miami with Mexico,
well to take the musical outside,
Hey what do you want me to tell you, I don't know how I would
interpret it there, let's see in the end
here we drag for better or for worse, well it
drags a lot of followers as a result of
the documentary it drags people who
like Rocío Jurado and it drags the hate
of the people who say I don't want to listen
to Anabel, I don't like this, I'm not going to in the
end it's a bit for better or for worse,
no, but out there I think they start a
bit from scratch So I don't know the catch
that would have sincerely zero from Zero in
the sense that if you're going to see that it's because
you like Rocío Jurado, in the end you know, you
give it the opportunity from scratch, you don't have
those prejudices of what we have lived
here for 4 years, so no, I don't know,
man, as an experience for them it has to
be quite, quite, quite
good and quite enriching. I don't know, I don't
know when it ends, I should have
looked at it, eh, when the tour ends
here with the musical because the truth is that they've been going for
a while and it seems that
things haven't gone badly for them, then they say that I
can't say  Rocio Carrasco, truth is,
things as they are, things have not
gone badly for them, regardless of whether they have
always filled it or not
always filled it and you may like it more or less, I have
already said that, let's see, I would have put
another person who objectively
was not Anabel but I understand that the
relationship they have between them, well,
well, makes you put someone
who appreciates it. So you want and if the
show goes ahead, then it goes
ahead. I understand that this will not have been
funny. Amador in the sense of
Well, she sells it like, well, every
week, every month we are very attentive,
is what Diego was saying, really, of
changes, not of, of I don't think they change
the dresses there every week, well, no, well,
no, well, she said no, that every month she
turns it around. I don't think it's every
m. I imagine that it will be from time to
time she rotates it. Hey, I'm going to change this
dress for this other one now for a
while. No, but yes, when I
remember, when I think, I don't know if it was
when Amador was there or when, Tal, like it
was practically the same, not the same, but
like when he had left it almost. And the thing is that
I believe it, that's why I
say that she sells herself.  like she eh let's
go has given it all shape and as
if it were part of her and really
initially it's not like that I understand that she has
given it her touch but anyway
well we will have to see what she thinks what
the rest think let's see in the end it is
she who has all her rights
and it seems perfect to me that I suppose
a kiss Oh what a beautiful photo Look
how cute and and I think it's great you know
that's it that each one exploits
their own thing like I think that yes I think it will be successful I think Rocio Jurado many fans there too and many people
who will go to see it to see the museum no because the museum being in Chipiona eh that museum if it had been in Madrid that museum is giving a lot of money if it is the museum in Madrid imagine Rocío Jurado not an icon of Spain in Madrid
which is a place more [ __ ] things as they are
even in Seville even if it
wasn't her land you know something more touristy
than Chipiona not many people go and the
people who go many people are from Spain
my
you go you go to the museum and you go once
you  you're not going to go but in a
tourist place that doesn't stop having tourists
you put this museum, that would
be providing a source of
money, I don't know who has studied that, I
understand that it is her wish but well to
have put a small one, a small
tribute in Chipiona, a small museum
also a small thing No, but what
that museum is with the quality that it
has and with the things that it has, to have
put it in Madrid I mean it is an icon
of Spain and and you put that in a
central place in Madrid that takes And that
would have been that huh but you are
taking away the essence because she wanted
Chipiona, her will is her land, it is her
legacy but if you put a little thing you
put a smaller thing, of course, like
the things that it has, you don't put a
little thing but not that huge museum eh
Chipiona is a map that the alasanas go and
clean Mador's house eh
I stayed but how am I not going to
see it but if when I saw or I don't know at
what moment Consuelo doesn't tell me
like Claro  because she spoke with Leti,
my friend, since I spoke with the other one
when I was watching it to see and I know how
the show that they put on with the
brooms in the afternoon works, it's the machinery, it's
the machinery that has been there
because, let's see, the topics are as they are
and in the end. Well, that type of themes
is very good as a show, I mean, you
can't take it seriously. Neither the topic nor
denying nor, I mean, that's it, I believe it, it's not like that. Let's see, I
think that, I do
n't know if Sister Cotilla is there and she
wants to send us an audio to tell us something,
but I think that they are not like that either, I mean,
I think that It's good that they were
there, they saw the house a little without
picking up the man and then they hit him with
a scam, of course, and the TV works
as it works, evidently the bait is not going to
be It's going to be what they decide,
obviously, I think that I think that I don't know if I do
n't know if Consuelo is here, but I know how
this works when they put the label
of Consuelo fan it would be a mistake, I mean,
they are not going to do anything by putting eh fan  of one
not a fan of one would be a mistake based on
what they called Consuelo based on what you
know Hey by the way Juanjo When you're going to
post a tweet with something of mine don't
censor my face because I'm not as
dirty as you I'm not going to give you a
strike you can put my face and you can
put a clip of mine if you want I'm not
going to give you a strike but I don't know
why they called no he posted a tweet
and censored my face as if I
were him who goes putting a strike that I do
n't know why they call Consuelo I
mean I think they really believed that
Consuelo was from the fan club of those who
went to clean you know they would hear her
commenting on something in the chat or on Twitter or
whatever and no I think I know why it is let's
see there's an agenda eh I don't know if
Consuelo is there I can tell you there's a
general agenda so the agenda you
look for Amador no no real that's how it is there are
missing topics or Amador we know if he's going to go
to Friday or Amador generates audience let's
see the curve there are missing topics Amador there is one
you put on your agenda Amador Bueno or Amador
Moedano or Moedano and so-and-so, a
fan of Amador, comes along and talks badly about Amador.
So you go calling, you go calling and
depending on who answers, what happens is that this person
can come in or this person can come in, you
call one or the other, it's just that it's
all so predictable, we already
know how this goes. So, what about
Consuelo, I don't know, well I understand that it was because of
the tweet. Of course in this case, but I don't know, and what about
the Dandy from Chipón giving roses?
What? You've really left me out there are
things that you're not telling me that we're
going to talk about? Here Who is the Dandy,
Chando Roj? Who's going to be the Dandy, Chipión,
love? When the job is done, he gives one to
each one. The guy, what a job, the
pain, no, but haven't you seen it taking so long?
They put up the photo. When they finish the
job, they all line up like this and he
gives each one a rose. And I
wanted to set my dogs to see the gachon. Let's
see, do I believe it because it's true
that Amador, in that sense, is like very
in  appearance of very details of such I
mean I believe no no I believe that
perfectly but I see that people are
outraged by that and they have to take it Well
like you did yesterday with laughter or rather because it is
an issue of to take you in the sense of it is
not going to be literally it is not going to work for you they are not going to you are
not going to call followers and they are
going to clean your house man it
would be a shame it is very dignified
but but it is very dignified to do that you
know but it is not let's see very dignified
very dignified to be able to call your
followers dignified the cleaning work
but not that your followers do it no
but the work but the work of course you
wanted to tell me something about Spanish television
right
Wait son it's that of course I have
told you so many things regarding what of
everything to the new sálvame No look It's that
notice I want people to hallucinate To
what extent I was commenting on it today with
a colleague who works on one of the
programs that we talk about every day about
this subject because every day we see something new
and I say [ __ ] see How was this like that you see it fits fits
the
pieces fit together totally notice To what extent
well in this case  the Osa the producer
of the Osa let's call it that the
manufacturer the television factory is going to
have the power and the control of
Spanish television I'm not talking to you about on the
one hand the control in general of
Spanish television vum forgive me it's that I know
why it happens to me that the bison doesn't
notify me Uy a
bon many times you send me messages
then I don't know what forgive me but it's that
I'm very crazy eh but I really
always appreciate all the contributions
that you make both in visum and in
member and
tell me tell me Marina I'm listening
Okay so the bet that they are making for for for what is
going to be the new
afternoons of the channel
that people thought that the new
salv so that we understand each other let's
call it that
eh it was going to be two hours or it was going to be
a small thing and such No no So in the
end eh the television family which is
how they have called this that is not going to
be a normal program but it is going to
have eh they are going to have room more or less
some  4 hours long from 4at to 8 like
what was the previous sálvame
evidently within there will be
both of them they will be going to be giving way eh to
the novels to the corresponding
novels but from four to or what we do not
see broadcast live because there are
the novels eh will be broadcast on RTV
Play which is a bit like what happened in the
old sálvame when everything was
broadcast on my TV there was a stage in which they
cut it on Tele5 and it went from being
broadcast on my TV Eh what happens that from
four to 8 everything in itself is going to be the
television family it is not that the
television family is
and the heart part of what
we understood as the old sálvame it
is not like the afternoon the entire afternoon of
Spanish television it is the
television family eh evidently what is the
program itself is produced by the Osa
but they are going to take up, so to speak, those 4
hours when it is not open it is
through the platform and it is not the only
program on the public that is going to
have we're going to see little by little more
what's happening we knew this was
going to happen of course since Pablo came in of course
since Pablo came in and also they've already
commented on it since Pablo
López came in Ho Pablo López eh José Pablo Pablo
López with my music you've already given me
the clue of the person from Sunday
and I'm already with Pablo López I don't even know
what em I
mean since José Pablo came in if they go
one after the other I mean it
's José Pablo Eh well the father of
Adrián Madrid of one of the CEOs of the
Osa currently we know that he is the other
day Francisco posted a tweet that he had been
seen it seems to me not with Pedro
Sánchez that since he is linked he is a
PSOE official so in the end everything remains
familiar Adrián Madrid's father is a
PSOE official of course the other day a tweet
Francisco and I think I sent it to you to
comment on it [ __ ] I didn't know that
wait [ __ ] No way I didn't know that we
had never talked about it let's not
talk about it well a photo comes out
like Adrián Madrid's father is hugging
no  I remember the name What's his
name? Yeah, well, whoever it is, okay, but I don't
watch it much. I don't know, I mean, those
platform messes of I don't know what, I don't know how much, they've
never, never worked very well, I mean, I do
n't know to what extent that can affect them.
Why? I mean, why do they do that?
Well, if they have to do a 2-
hour program, Well, 2 hours, but 2 hours on
a platform that nobody watches and 2 hours
is like losing a job. No, well, if they're
going to pay him, of course they have
a budget of 90,000 pesos per program,
then they don't care, as if they're doing
El ganso. Look, 90,000 bucks almost per
program and I was talking about it yesterday with another
colleague, the same budget as the
resistance, which is also not that good, as with the
revolt, which is not worth spending
90,000 euros per program, but look at one
thing, eh, I was talking about it yesterday with a person,
well, it's that I do give many clues, well
with a person who has worked a
lot with them and how they know how they
work and how the
budgets are managed because of course people
believe it. Well, there are four collaborators, eh,
there are two presenters.  and the team already Well
also yes it is true that they make
trips the diets one for here a
reporter for here even and everything a
person who has worked a lot with them
and knows how these types of
programs are managed says Almost almost half will be taken by
the CEOs, that is to say the
clean directors the owners of the
factory are not worth pears I mean almost almost
half clean daily for for
the CEOs it is almost certain and in the end if
this for whatever reason does not work is what
that person told me says they will have
reimbursed themselves they have pocketed so much
throughout these years both with one
program with another with the other with look
tentacles never Better said one spreads it
here another one here another and and I am
seeing colleagues Sometimes they tweet that they have
denied so much about themselves of how they
operate and such that I have known them for so
long and now I see so much flattery that I was
commenting on it before with another colleague who
is the same one who works in
Spanish television that I say is that wces
I am going to do that to them and I say I think no no no I
could not dude I mean it is shameless eh
shameless it is  very heavy and of course they have
from April until the beginning, the
pilot will be recorded, there will be pilot programs, they
have until July, they have those TR months
but of course if not Even if you believe that
the public audiences are not
relevant if until July I don't know the
limit or I don't know the general expectation
but if they don't work Eh well there they
stay in September they do not renew the same
as mañaneros we will see What is
happening with mañaneros and this program the same
or rather here the same as the promise is a huge
success we will see how this works
in TR months I already tell you that it is TR months to
give absolutely everything the truth is
that those of the factory well those of the
Osa in this case Making
television are good at an
audiovisual level so eh I believe that if in
the first week you do not find the
formula to be right these are not like those
of Unicorn that even if they have a seven They
continue with the same faces doing the
same thing at party eh And they continue and continue and
continue eh these innovate they change they change
one face they change another one comes in they do
something else the truth is that things as they
are are Making television So no I do
not believe this family does not affect me or
the guitar Why
Carmen I think that I think they are going to be
successful I'm going to give you an exclusive
that Diego gave to Rabal on this
subject they are negotiating I'm going to tell you
how much 100 up 100 euros down they are
willing to pay Rocio Carrasco
for each television program in the
afternoons at 1 they are willing to pay
1.5 € for each program imagine that it
goes twice a week that is what they
are talking about right now if
an agreement is reached I think that what she
wants is more money but 00 that's already
good 00 for participating in a program on
Spanish television that normally
Spanish television is the channel that
pays the least But of course here who would
really pay would be the producer we are
talking about 15,500 for two each week that
would be 3,000 a month that would be 12,000 of
our taxes 12,000 that would be
paid to Rocio Carrasco
but in reality would Rocio
Carrasco be paid I don't know very well why to
sit there and what if we have an
image of Marta Rieco with  Rocio Carrasco
Yes but that at this point in the
film was not going to move us or it was
not really going to be one of those
great images the truth is that they are
negotiating the thing is not easy because they
tell me that it is there there I believe I think from
what they have been able to tell me and what I have been
able to more or less capture we are
talking that it is a matter of money, a matter of
money it could be many things or that she is not
happy with those 15 euros and wants
more every day that I don't know or that what she
wants is to participate more days
then Of course if she wants to participate more
days in the end it would be more money if she
participates instead of two days a week
three days a week then imagine the
amount of money that Rocio Carrasco pockets
every month take care of our
taxes that she has t la marinera s the fact is
that all this is very strong because
unlike television, Tele5, Radio and
Spanish Television, it is our
public television, the television that
thanks to our taxes are there and
everyone who is there is paid for that is why
I think this strategy of
Osa Productions is very strong, to me personally,
I personally do not know if they will reach a
agreement or they won't reach an agreement but they
have the approval of the president of Spanish radio and television that's for sure
but I really wouldn't be
very surprised to see Rocío Carrasco
on a television set at this
point or I say eh what a
barbarity let's see I'm telling you eh it's that of
course we don't know if this is really how it
was, since I don't have any
information well This is something that
he has said I don't know We would have to see if this is how it
ends up eh 1500 eh in a
public company on an afternoon program for a
collaborator I can attest to this since I
see it man she she is charging it
as a character she is not charging it like
because this is how it works And the thing is that well
Diego knows it Much better eh
journalists are always going to charge less
than characters it's a
different category in fact they treat you differently and they
see you in a different way the
public company is always an advocate for
journalists and characters like
no now however the
television family is 90 per journalist eh characters
10% journalists the characters are always
going to charge more than journalists
Why Because they generate more and  to the public It
seems that it also gives priority to
that because the budget also eh
part not part of Spanish television or
rather part of Spanish television But
who handles it is the Osa productions
they have their 885,000 per program
that Spanish television gives them with that
money they do whatever they want And if
in that budget that cleans up to day There are
going to be a few thousand
euros left for the CEOs of the Osa of the Osa eh
can afford to give 10,000 to their friend
and to a person who has done so much harm
for so many years and then they have
known how to reward her Very well, then they are going
to give it to them, do you understand what I'm saying, it's an
outrage But let me
explain it to you, man, if you
think about it logically Yes, but nothing
compared to what we have been seeing for a
long time with other people Terel on
Friday, she made a pact, she left, Patricia removed
Patricia as a collaborator, but
that is private Yes, yes, of course, here
the debate enters This but still and everything how
Why are we scandalized by
this specific case that it is public
for one person 12,000 with the
atrocities that we have seen where
our taxes go to, this
specifically does not alarm me that this
lady is going to collect, I mean, no, it does not cause me
m knowing that a million euros
suddenly I see that it is destined to I don't know
where outside When here what
is happening in Spain is or I see you I
want to tell you this specifically knowing
that this program already has 85,000 a day,
what does it matter to me that they allocate
15 to Rocío Carrasco is that you make me
laugh clear I understand you understand me of
course, I mean, what seems like
an outrage to me is that they have 90,000 p
per program. I mean, the fact that they
give 90,000 of those 90,000, they give 15 to Rocío, I know
that in the
end you have 90,000 per
program, which is not necessary, let's watch
public television, it seems
good to me that they make entertainment programs for
this prr la revuel and they should buy it a
private channel because they are
very profitable programs and  and it's a business in the end,
no, I mean, it's like El Hormiguero, no, El
Hormiguero is very profitable, as I think
you were explaining the other
day. Now, public television is
for television, for programs,
more than that, it can have some
entertainment programs and such. But not
with so much investment because in the end it
's public money. Another thing is that
we are a country that has everything, that we
have everyone covered and we can
spend on a program, eh, let's bring
Rosito, let's go, you know, but it's that I. Already
in itself, no, no, the first thing is that it is not
a program that is worth that much, I mean, one
thing is that it has that budget or that
limit, but that it is justified, it should
be justified, for example, that you
say, Look, today's program
cost me so much, pa pa pa, you present it, and
then they pay you the public money, but you
present what it really cost you,
like 85,000, ah, like you
justify those budgets, you say no. I
mean, that you justify like what
the program costs you, what it costs you each day, you
present the invoice to whoever
pays you, and then they pay you each day
what  it has cost you the program
Hopefully it is 85000 when there will be days that
they do not spend even 10,000 because you the
materials the cameras there are things that you are
going to pay in two days you are going to have them
covered in two days so in
two days you already have the entire month covered
And now the rest is clean it is that
you say half half let's see look
those things are expensive but look I don't know
who puts Claro Look at this bu now that I'm going to
go to Madrid I'm going to find out about
everything look I don't know who puts the materials Ah
the set sent you a thread that you can't post it
Yes yes the thread yes I can
post it Oh by the way Gustavo Mira
tells us valde but you have charged
public television Well
yes the accused is not convicted it is that we have to be
very careful with that
because CLAR is not investigated
clearly it is that if we get down to
that no they file a complaint against me and I
am accused no let's see well well
clear no not when they file it but at
the moment that the procedure is admitted you are
accused I mean no that no
no us  let's not confuse either, we should
respect the presumption of innocence a little.
Yeah, let's see, eh. Yes, yes, of course. No,
but I mean that this has been a
scandal at the media level. And yes, it
's true that, well, m I have no
problem with them going on
Spanish television, it seems fine to me and if I
were in their place I would see it as
fine receiving 90,000 bucks, I would keep my
mouth shut, but now since I'm not the one
there collecting 90,000 bucks, well, it
seems like an outrage to me that I
have to pay half of what I earn
because as a self-employed person, I don't know if
people know this, but I have to pay
half of what I earn, so it seems like
an outrage to me because for
these people to employ her like this,
I keep it for myself, damn it, and pay for my house, which I haven't
paid for. No, or I'll pay for her university.
Of course, no, no, I don't see the point of
the taxes we pay and how they're
used. But anyway, this is the same
old debate, and here's an example, so the
first thing is that  the
program doesn't cost that
So what, neither that one nor the one from
Broncano because
Broncano's guests are free on top of that I don't think so, I
mean, 90,000 bucks the Broncano program costs
Today it doesn't make
sense, that's a joke, no Alberto Look at me
Alberto please I love him I want to
know that he's going to make a documentary with an
officer and a gentleman but is it really a
joke man I don't think it is I don't know let's go and
see it later but come on
tell me what you want with the thread Well in the
end a bit like in the end Look at the
assembly and the technical tests, of course
this requires this is like suddenly a
jump to public television that is going to
generate a lot of expectation
everything has to be well prepared too no then
April 17th would be the assembly and the
technical tests the rehearsal on the 18th the
general rehearsal on the 19th first this is
done more or less always the recording of
a pilot the 20th the recording of the second
pilot which is like the test program no
That it never gets to be broadcast But
well it's as if it were a program
we did it in that's life I
remember perfectly eh  that's good
supposedly they should pay you
but I don't know to what extent they pay you
and then this that I didn't know that I do
n't know if it will finally be like that only they only
need to pay him another 90,000 for the
test programs other balls are Let's
see no if yes in the end the almost 90,000
are monthly and I believe that there is the
power of
you are free you have your 90,000 and you
manage it as you want That's why I tell you let's
see to me it seems like an
outrage and to me it seems like they
piss in our faces and that's what it seems to
me or rather sincerely another thing is that
you are what I tell you every day justify
the expense that the program has and
cover you up to Hey look you have up to 90,000
for each program You can do what you
want but not that they give them to you if you haven't
spent them do you understand that thing about the
dome going to remove half of it
seems like crap to me Well for that,
those that I, which are my taxes, are not what
forces me to  pay man I understand
that in those 90,000 Of course I don't know
how because on Spanish television
people are obviously registered but don't
see how much it costs for buf of course then there are
collaborators that I imagine
will have a contract others by days It's that
then each one has their well like in
save me their different contract others that
suddenly come one day for something special
and they register you you have to
register of course there are no invoices or anything I
know that it works like that you register and
deregister on the same day it's a mess it costs a
lot there it's a bit of a mess But well
And then some will have their contract their
salary of course then take away x
take away the other thing how about it it's a bit it's a
bit of a circus but eh No no
obviously they are going to earn money here
but I also tell you they have three months
eh Let's see how these three months work
and well I don't know maybe it will surprise us
it's that no I don't know exactly clar elol
says they even have enough to pay lawsuits
man and so much Yes but I don't think they will go
I'll tell you
let's see  a lowered tone and of
course
m that we are putting the bandage before I would do it
Maybe Then we see it and
say Hey what happens is that of course I
already Inese is very good that well it is very
good but if I do not tell you no if I
think they are going to succeed but eh but it does
not cost 90,000 bucks if it seems
very good to me that they succeed if to me yes I
want there to be a Sálvame okay but what what what what it is
not worth 90,000 damn the other
If it cost because it was It was private it
cost an outrage and and they used a
outrage of it happens where In the one on
Tele5 and it is not true either it was a
very cheap program to produce but
but it generated some benefits and it is it is the
law of always and there are three or four
who pay Belén Esteban very well
eh Kiko and I do not know who then the
rest and I tell you with knowledge of the
facts to the workers H the factory
It was One of the worst paid I assure you In
comparison with other producers
then of course eh you try to pay the
less possible to dodge remove from here
remove from here then those above
Come on, it's not benefits, the light with the
ads with with the advertising was
brutal what it generated look at the
set I mean it's the set it's the five
not of Prado del Rey which is where they
celebrate the Super
electoral debates it's enormous I think it's one of the
biggest or so it's that this The
Bet is brutal I mean in the end the P
Or be good the PSOE Yes really yes the
PSOE Eh well Spanish television has
everything placed here no And who would have
said a long time ago that in the end Speaking
clearly the television factory was going to
take over the afternoons of
Spanish television from a
public channel is it is or seen with perspective
not in time it is it It's peculiar not to say
the least but well eh Let's give it
a chance I think it generates
controversies generates like on the one hand like that on the
other hand well well
the complaints that also stirs up on the
internet stirs up a hornet's nest as you say
And well it's not bad let's see what happens what
happens is that they're going to leave
us for a month  to leave a month with
Carlota okay let's talk about Carlota no that you
had sent me here three
videos that you told me that they are
not only you have three or four no three or
four no I mean but you want me to
put them in the same order no
eh I think the one I sent you of true
crime or the one of Breton The last one
because it is like the serious one you know the most like
well let's see if it's true let's see if
that's true already Wait Let's put let's see I
have to tell you that for me
now not with the perspective of
time
and it was tremendous what happened were
tremendous all the circumstances wow
that accompanied my departure from mediaset
eh For me it was a breakup not a
breakup with a dinner that I had been
working for 18 years 18 years of my life
eh And suddenly they did
n't want me no only didn't they want me it's that they
wanted me out without option no
without option of eh Well then you stop
presenting but you do this other thing no without
options no So I saw myself in my house
eh broken with pain and without answers because there
are still many times that  I just
understood what happened no and well in the
end to be able to be happy you have to
have sometimes although I have a lot of
memory it's better not to have a lot of memory
eh And I have
scars I am a different woman because I have
new scars that I didn't have but
when there is a scar it's because there has been
a wound but it is already healing
no and for me to be able to go through that
process I have also had to take
distance I have had to take distance
from many people who are here now and
that and well then I also
needed my time my space and and above
all because I couldn't move forward I couldn't move
forward I wasn't able to see you
in the t ma'am eh you know her yes I know her
let's see I know her as a
companion for a moment
I uh through
this right away let's go with Marta Riesco
Because now let's go I had never
met Marta eh let's go to the
corridors Surely yes as companions
she has also had an evolution eh It's already
a long story too Well
she has to be very proud of
where she is right now let's
not had fallen had not fallen into Marta
who was there it's that when she she
has said I had to take distance from
people who are here  right now but
of course I say who Yeah then then then
the videos you're going to freak out you're going to freak out with
the videos It's that I was at
my friend Lena's house but I swallowed it
all I was watching Twitter I say because of
course We have to put it in context that uh
the tentacles was going to premiere tomorrow but
I don't know what turn has taken in the grid
suddenly on Twitter I saw yesterday it changed it's
premiering tomorrow or rather today at 8 in the
evening and I thought he's talking today
again with the same friend who is
very geeky about this like me and he starts and
says of course let's see to hook today like
with the public that they finish and that
we went and tomorrow at 6:30 for the
people who are in between to also
be clear that from now on
tentacles Okay then this video
Look she talks she talks more times about
her exit from the half set but in this
video Well I see her in this video eh and
then there are quite a few she talks like she's
broken no that she's broken
with pain that she recognizes recognizes verbalizes
that they threw her out that they sent her
home I  I've never seen her talk like that eh
eh without an answer without an option that there was no
other option they took me off sálvame and there
was no option to be behind there was no
option to present another
space there was no option to do
anything else in the entire chain but you go
home and that she was already at home and she couldn't
find answers even though I think
that nobody deserves eh to be at
home but she also made people
from her del ato saying that there were
opinions that she didn't find respectable
and if it were up to her there would have also been
a lot of people at that time who
would have gone home for not tolerating an
opposing discourse So that's what I
don't fully understand yeah sure
So then it's true that she
would have sent but home eh but
home she played people's work
as she wanted cl that's then I don't
like to see her like that I'm really telling you I watch
the video and I don't I don't like it because
obviously she had a bad time but I don't
like that she says that she couldn't find
answers we gave them to her I think that
people with you can like you better you
can like the world better me so and so
deception but with a little
common sense I think it was very clear that
an error was made there eh in the way in the
sense of that totalitarianism And that eh eh
that very authoritarian way eh of
behaving with an issue of two plus two
is well two plus two is four of
this roof is white and although you
tell me that it has a hue it is white and
as you would tell me that it is blue m I take you and
you you you it is that no it did not make any
sense so I think that was her
mistake a chain saw it they wanted to give her
a dignified exit that I think is great eh
that and and Well it has taken its toll mind you
just like the opposite I think that
people also have to do
self-criticism I have done it a lot
unfortunately in the end when you
disappear from here for other
personal reasons it also gives you time
to reflect and I identify with
her in the sense that I think well She
says that in another video that you have to
protect yourself more and not get
so involved in issues that are not
yours because I also did it
unlike her in the end with one side
or the other but but  you do And then you
realize that no, they're not you, it's not that you
thought it, no, they're not your family, they're not
your
friends, your life is spent on it and in the
end I think that eh You have to
distance yourself from the characters because as
much as it's an issue that affects you like
her who was on one side, for example, it
was on the other side of me and you have to see it more
as you or more like the people who see it
as a job outside because then what happens
happens and it takes its toll on you, of
course, what happens is that well you have to
know how to recognize and do a little
self-criticism but it doesn't come down anymore
because I've continued watching the program and it
doesn't come down, it doesn't come down but I'm not
the same María it's that but but but I
think that when they beat you up sometimes and they
beat you up there's a moment
where you begin to rebuild yourself let's see me
right now I'm in the middle of a
reconstruction process because Beyond what
may happen in the work world that
very strong things have happened to me, to you
others, very strong things have also happened to us
Well, I'm not the same The
same woman Eh Not that it's over  save me or
that presented the mediaf with you Well, I
'm another Carlota I'm 50 years old eh
I'm separated Yes but you're from my
wall and it doesn't show and I've been separated for 50 years
eh Well, other
circumstances another situation and I think
I'm another another person what I don't know
if I would be another presenter because of course
that and in what and In what do you notice that you are
another person that is that it is But tell me
something about something that you
said this no longer exists about Carlota Look, let's
see as much as it doesn't exist no I
think that there is an evolution Okay then
look, for example, a very
important learning that I have done is eh that I now
choose the battles, I mean, before I was the
mud where you want to get into, before I
fought for every inch. You are here
people who know me a little know
that I fought and I have
always fought for every inch when I
thought it was Justice or that I was
right or or not things that should
benefit me Eh yes, I speak of as a
director or as a presenter So
I think that now eh a great learning
is choosing the  battles I'm more selective
but to protect you well stop
because it's not worth it Maria because in the
end my energies right now have to
be eh in the battles that are worth it
and the ones that aren't worth it
I don't waste it but Listen to me, I
know you okay I understand that and besides
that's called maturity I'm not seeing
a very different Carlota But you're
a person don't worry because you're
going to catch on therefore
changed now I'm going with you kico No no it's
true it's that I was monopolizing the
conversation that she's already telling me
forgive me I want you to ask them
no that I simply and now that I
ask what is it you what do you want to know
my life no no no I don't want to know what it is that
knowing me no And you are and
evolving that you have evolved and we will
see it in all facets of your life
I am convinced that there are things that you
are clear about and and you are not going to take a
step back to see if I have proven it not
in these two years I mean if there
is one thing that I would love for me is that
the people who know me, the people who don't
know me well too eh  valuing myself is
my consistency no I think I'm a
consistent person And that means a lot of
things no That means having
principles That means seeing them through to the
end eh that means that they
ask me a lot do you regret anything that
happened pichin pichin and I
always say the same thing I say I don't
regret anything which doesn't mean
that there aren't things that I would have done
differently eh decisions Maybe I would have
made them differently or maybe I would have
protected myself more
I think that it leaves me unprotected a lot
but that I did it from the heart I
mean no I wasn't going with a strategy I've never
gone with a strategy in my life and now I'm
not going to go with a strategy but I
hope to be smarter than I have been and
protect myself more Oh How did he call her an Indian I ca
n't I can't with an Indian It's that
you know what happens that of course Rocío
Carrasco she she with her purpose got her way I
mean she destroyed
Antonio Avi she destroyed him in the media she
erased him from the map she managed to get him fired from his
job it would be the dream of more than one with
some other that I know stories  okay it would be
her dream to be pink Okay and
get that media bang
they ban you she didn't achieve it before but now she
does and she continues with her normal life
because in the end Rocío Carrasco
is even doing more interventions now
than before because she is not interested in
interventions she is not interested in working
on television or anything like that she did not
get into television it does not
harm her at all what has harmed are
the showboats who got wet for her
like a sliding Carlota you know but F
as if it were her own cause Yes it is that she has
already gotten involved that let's see things as they are that
what she thinks and
what she feels and vast in the end it is real
what happens is that clear eh in a
way a
little how would I say eh vast in the end
I agree that she is not self-
interested because we know that she
has that thought It is that it is like that
which shocks me so much because she
personally is not like that personally she is not like that let's
see I don't know her very well I have treated her somewhat
personally and it is not like that what
happens is that she does have those that
way of understanding life I don't know
its more personal side and for what there
and I was not going to get involved that's why
her friendship with Belén shocked me and they have a pretty
good friendship eh and let's go
eh Anyway But but it is true that
when she talks about evolution I am
not watching it on television at the moment you
remember what I told you the other day Javi
that I told you I think that the part of
events is going to be like everything towards the
man sexist violence
gender violence everything is going to be focused there now
we talk about it but come on that is going to be the it is going to
be the roll it is going to be a bit of the
roll that I am glad and that it is about
J I have absolutely nothing to
reproach nothing in her treatment
of me nor do I have to reproach myself in the
treatment that I have had with her Well you I
had Forgive me you and I had we did not
have a night of love You and I We
had a conversation in an office
at the TV factory
eh Very tense in which I told you things
that I am not going to reproduce here but well
We had a
conversation How did you consider that I had
felt  eh As a colleague and as a
presenter During the stage of the
program
Rocío I think I think you were Unfair
to me Many times eh I found it
incredible that you could give your opinion without having
seen the the docuseries you acknowledged it
but for me I want to say that
the times that we have had and it is true
every time you and I have had a
disagreement we have talked about it we have
had the confidence to talk about it maybe we have
not reached an agreement
maybe you have said I'm not moving from here
and neither am I but we have known how to
live together you can recognize that I
can also have that feeling that it
can be bidirectional I want to tell you that
at a given moment I was able to
understand that your treatment of me was not
excessively
eh fair
or exaggerated Excuse me for a second you
are in your absolute freedom to
consider if I was well or I was not well
with you obviously but what
I am referring to as a big difference
between the situation with Kiko and with you is
that when we have had some
difference we have faced some of it
publicly and others We would have to see what I would
say to the man but it's that you
Imagine in the middle of the docuseries with the
two of them in an office in the middle of the
duus series. I mean, imagine, I've already
imagined what I would say to her, I would tell her that he had
violated her or something like
that, I would definitely say to her, and also Kiko, who
then also didn't hold back, I mean,
imagine the conversation, how
the conversation between the two of them must have been, eh, I understand,
I understand that it was
work, but in the end it was an issue that
even Kiko himself, who I remember
working with him for those months, was in.
And look, Kiko knows how to
perfectly differentiate what is work from what is
not, but at that time he was already
fed up and he was upset to
say, let's end this already because it
was complicated. And what's happening, that
this, you know why it's coming because
tomorrow Carlota and
Kiku Hernández are going to meet again, eh. Because Carlota has said
that they haven't spoken all these
two years that they have
met at events and that Kiko has
become a bit of a longis, no,
eh. And that he doesn't know what it is. Yes, yes
because he doesn't know what's wrong with
her because they've known each other forever yeah
neither do I In fact I thought she was going to
be on his show in fact no Kiko
told him the other day a friend of mine at the gym
that he's going to be there Look
we're going to be on Spanish television and
look at this and look at that and we're going to be so
Kiko we're going uh Kiko is going to be
on Spanish television or so look and
tomorrow he's going to meet up with Carlota
because Carlota has invited her to Kiko
Hernández's wedding and Kiko Matamoros's wedding but
via
WhatsApp So Carlota is angry
well angry upset because she says she did
n't like it Oh Marcela a kiss how
cute eh Because she says that it bothered her that
the invitation was via WhatsApp and
that she didn't see it as something very normal and that
among other things it wasn't for that reason that
normally Well there's a
telephone contact you call someone and you
do it for a wedding and you do it in a different
way so it wasn't BS
basically that's why
Uh so it's that I don't know I'm a
little hallucinating  with relationships if in the
end there aren't many friends eh In this
world no no there aren't many there aren't many
So tomorrow and then the reunion
of Carlota and Marta of course I mean it's
been epic I've seen a Carlota there
that with Marta it's not that Carlotta can't
hide much it's that
things are noticeable m no that with Marta
no and Marta I think with Carlotta either that
cordiality is very good but
no it's not good no no
[Music]
Well then eh Well then
this moment is very exciting so I have to
tell you because look we finally inaugurated
the tentacles set after
this mini occupation that we have done but
well we want to tell you the followers
to this wonderful community that has
managed to create the companions that You will be
able to follow us Exactly the same in
tentacles through Twitch through
YouTube continue having those those
means of communication with you And
well then we go with our first
table of current affairs in tentacles
with a topic Well that is a topic of  that
everyone is talking because
everyone is very impressed with the confession
for the first time he has confessed this time in
a book he has José Bretón has been denying since
2011 having murdered
his children his two children the children he
had with Ruz Ortiz and now in a
book via book he has confessed to the
murders he has given all kinds of
details and evidently there is a
debate eh that I think is very
important that we have because in the
end Bretón's crime is one of the
most important crimes that have
occurred in our country certainly with the
most media impact regarding
vicarious violence which is
the violence that
male abusers exert on
women through what hurts them the most
through their children I will introduce the table
Rocío come on let's go we are going to
introduce you I am going to introduce you eh the
people who are accompanying me this
afternoon evening to talk about this topic that I
think is a fascinating topic
José María Benito is a
police officer  agree with me, I'm sure you're going to
help us understand a lot of things about
what's happening Garrido, they've
told me that you're the myth, for me the myth you
are, of course, look Chema, I'm
also very excited to meet
you today and And well, let's see, let's
see what you think because I'm very
interested because there are many, many,
many
male journalists who are saying about
freedom of expression that they are
nail Burning to freedom of
expression above even the
rights of Rut, no, she's also accompanying us, she
introduced us earlier to Elena Dapr,
psychologist, do you have work to be able to
analyze that murderer, a terrible murderer
who is José Bretón and we're also
accompanied by Ignacio Palomar, lawyer, Uner
Ignacio, are you in favor of the
publication of the book? Let's see, it's not that
this one, I have some news about that, I
have some news about that on the
subject of the
book today the publisher wrote to me,
no, Ah, Anagrama And what,
well, they were going to release another
statement. I mean, I hadn't realized
but they sent me a statement that
they issued on Friday, okay, I mean, on
Friday they issued a
statement  From drama we are fully
aware of the monstrosity of the
crimes committed by José Bretón and we
understand the sensitivity that can be
aroused by the exploitation and exploration
of the murderer's condition. Okay, what
this writer addresses is this way and that
literature always deals with
complex and painful realities. The
literary treatment we reaffirm our commitment
to editorial responsibility and
freedom of expression, knowing that both
must coexist. In this sense, we
understand that literature can and
should address these issues without leaving
aside the complexity.
Well, that's what they told me. They told me that
in a little while they asked me for my email
to send me a new statement that they were going to
release today and finally after a while they
wrote to me on WhatsApp and told me
that in the end there is no statement. I don't know
why they gave so much importance to
sending it to me or not sending it to me.
Honestly, I spoke to them once on the
phone and that was it. The question is, of
course, let's see, even you can say, well,
eh, the subject of interviewing
José Bretón is terrible and we're not interested and all that
stuff, but of
course, to what extent does it hurt the mother
that this man writes a book
about what he told her.  this monster
in jail and yet we
are making programs about the
subject completely. Well look, I think that there are
a lot of people who don't fall into what
you just said, but of course the blame, so to
speak, or the consequence or the
collateral damage that we and the
media in general are
making programs and talking about this
subject is this man's book, of course,
it's this man's book, we are
making it in connection with this book, so it
is the main cause. These are, uh,
this is the collateral damage that
this subject is causing, of course, so
really, here, uh, the problem. Where
the problem is is that H, the damage that
is causing this woman is no longer the
woman, above all, and the family. It is no longer
the mere fact that she published a
book, it is not the repercussions, the fact of
reliving it again, you don't have to be a
psychologist, uh, a whole process. That I suppose is
never overcome, but that she
goes through a grieving process, that maybe she
could go little by little, making her
life, I don't know at what point she is and
suddenly, boom, shock therapy that you
plan that all of Spain is
talking about that a man eh has been
seeing your ex-husband father of your
children eh that he has
murdered that that is that is that I mean I want to
tell you is that evidently the pain of
that mother compensates not on an empathetic level
for those of us who have empathy, that is to say 90
percent of society no eh it is ethical to do
what she is doing It is not legally yes we know that it is that
legally we know
that it is legal Because in addition it has been done a
lot on numerous occasions it is not the
first time What is happening Carlota was saying
why now eh eh Why this commotion
with this case and not previously man
also I think that the power of
social networks influences, I mean social networks
this has become a trending topic eh There are
many more media outlets there
are also
digital platforms So it is given much
more visibility eh Now well it is that
we return again to the same thing is that there
is The dilemma of Yes no yes no yes no it is
that but I don't vote it is that nobody talks about the
subject and now he starts his program
with that subject which is the one that brings in
audiences obviously not what it is about
to treat me what you know what
bothers me is that and I think it's great that
great that this topic is being dealt with and
that it's being approached from the point of view
Well, everything that is to avoid well avoid
because that is already the approach I told you that it was going to
be this what bothers me is
that she is already talking about uh
using a term that does not
legally exist like the topic of
vicarious violence sexist murder no this man
was a psychopath As could have been
Ana Julia Quezada who did something similar
and murdered two children as could have been
murdered Pepita pepite or Pepito or I
mean why is it always the
gender construct Why do we always talk about
gender was he a psychopath obviously
for hurting his wife Well well
surely Well of course [ __ ] he
murdered he was a monster but it could have been a
monster Why is it always
machismo machismo machismo well he was not
a murderer and a psychopath what mania is it that
focuses everything from
vicarious violence gender Well there will be a base there
will be a large part that is sexist
obviously but then there are
psychopathic people there, gender doesn't exist, you
know, it's a question of evil, which
is horrible and we suffer from it quite a bit.
Of course there are sexist men and of course there
are abusers because of that, but not
everyone is like that and it all falls
into the same bag and that is the the the
figure of the sexist program,
vicarious violence, such and such is why I knew it, I
told you and there will be like tomorrow Today it will be José
Bretón and tomorrow it will be the reliving of another
crime from 20 years ago by so-and-so of what so-and-so has
done wrong and And the thing is that what I
liked is that at that table there was, quote unquote, a
plurality of
opinions that surprised me, so,
man, I expected, eh, man, no,
vanber, nal tribiño, the same but four
voices in unison, you know, on the same
subject. So, no, I don't know, you know. But
well, I don't know the audience, tomorrow we will see
the audience that it has done. I understand that
being the first program, because of the
expectation and such, it will go well, but I
think not in the long run. No, it is not going to be
something that works, today there was no
heart because  I was because the
interview was with her today she
was a bit of the protagonist but tomorrow there will
be heart in tentacles and I
want to know who the
companions are, I think there is one that I know
but I prefer not to say because it is It is
almost anonymous in fact but well anyway
okay the other day you wrote an article
about Rafael No if I'm not mistaken you
were talking about Rafael in the
reason no yes I told well I was talking
with well I spoke with one of the daughters and I
spoke with his product manager from
rlm and and well He told me a little because I
called him precisely because I saw that
one of his dates at the starlight
this summer in Marbella right now you
could buy tickets and I called him I
say Hey there are people who are going to be a
bit worried about face Eh what's going on with
this concert I say people In fact I don't
know they were worth 70 I think I say people
can continue buying tickets we know
what is going to happen and yes he
told me I published it and I say look 70
70 I think they were you can you can
look at it  eh I think they were I'm telling you because
I bought for the starl for
William
my real and it got
cut off
hey Hi now that I say 70 euros a
slap not 300 half a
seat but it's to go see him But you
bought for wills sm for Will
the tickets are worth
Cent 170 I think the
tickets were worth That's why I'm telling you that
Rafael is going to cost 70 from far away no now I'm telling
you the other day to see
Rafael a second let's go
anyway there's no problem because that you eh that you that you that
automatically if
everything is cancelled electronically it goes pum p p
pum and it's refunded but yes now now
now I'll tell you 70 from 70 of course Ah
from 70 it's that you see it from the patio on
a screen you see it from let's go from
But I knew that I said 70 for a
reason Yes of course it will be the
limited visibility from Cuenca I mean from where
Yes from a very far away park I mean that's not
valid then eh with one of the sons
manuem my forgiveness with one of the daughters eh
with Alejandra and and I spoke with her and such And she
told me that they were super
hopeful, that they were super happy with
the evolution. Well, I have
several pieces of information on this subject and
they all agree on the same thing, that the
diagnosis is getting better each time, that it's
still better. Well, he has a few sessions left
but that everything is going according to plan and
that he agrees that all he wants
is to sing, sing, sing and yes, it's true
that I spoke with Let's see, it's Julio, that's Julio.
So it's Julio, it's Julio, of course, so what
the product manager told me
is that Lev, he gives it his all, he
gives it his all. A friend of mine was there
recently, well, the second-to-last concert he
gave was in Seville, I don't know if it was the second-to-last
or the last one, I think it was the second-to-last, and
then he gave another one the next day and
then what happened to him happened to him the
following week and he gives it his all. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I can
attest, I can attest, I can attest, I can attest, like, live it up,
but with Bisbal, he's a man, he's
younger but he's spectacular, he has
an energy that seems like it just
came out of it, it's spectacular, it's brutal, it's brutal, I'm
telling you, I don't know  I see it as very
risky, maybe it doesn't affect anything at all
what he has, the fact
that he sings and
dances doesn't affect anything. Well, it's a primary cerebral lymphoma,
but it is true that, well,
with the sessions, the intention at all
times is to eradicate it, not to reduce it, as
many people believe, and yes, it is
true that the, let's see, now I find
out,
thank you. Yes, it is true that, that is,
the evolution, that is being very, very,
very positive on a medical level, that both the
family, evidently the office, his
representatives are totally aware
of his evolution, and soon they will write
a statement and the issue of Starlight, which
was the reason why I called him, that
as a result of that, they said the same thing the
next day in the morning shows and the person who
told it, which I don't know, of
course, doing like
your information, eh, I don't understand this
super
chat, I don't understand, anuca, I
completely agree with you, eh. In
fact, the other day we did a
special program, I don't know if you saw it, well, I understand
that you saw it, not on the main channel, it
already has like  80,000 views for me what
is mind-blowing is that this guy was
convicted of murder and yet
he was acquitted of violence, I mean,
gender violence, for me it is, for
me it is a clear example of abuse, I
mean, totally I am that but come on but
nobody doubts, I mean, for me it is a clear
example of abuse, of course he is
a murderer and he is a psychopath and he is a
person who has made life impossible for
women, it is abuse of women,
killing children is abuse of women, I mean,
in no case, but in this case it is, in
this case, it is clearly abuse of women
because it is a man to a woman, but it has
happened a thousand times in the, I mean, it
can happen in this case, I
want to tell you that I, uh, it is clear that he is
a psychopath. I mean, he obviously
wanted to hurt his wife. Of course he did,
and he did it where it hurt the most, which is
through his children, but it
tires me out that they want to apply the term
as if what really matters most
is to say that it is violence  sexist
when what matters most is that you've
ruined the lives of two little creatures in
order to screw your ex-wife and to
make your ex-wife's life worse and the
most important thing is how his
ex-wife is now and that you've taken the lives of
two little people what does it matter
vicarious sexist not sexist for me I
mean it's precisely the other
people who use that to collaborate
well for Well for me no for me no
for me it does because he's an abuser and
when someone is an abuser and he's an
abuser when someone is an abuser
who doesn't get his way depending on how
bad and psychopathic he is, he can do anything to
hurt the woman I mean you
see, how
abusive he was, the love he
had for his children, there's nothing
greater than that in life, totally
okay I mean but your abuse comes first
so much that you don't love your children
because you're a [ __ ] abuser  that's why it
's true he's a psychopath an
abuser will never be a good father
I totally agree with you and the
other way around too It's just like I've seen
both as I've seen the
opposite case too is that he does it
Exactly the same what happens is that I think it
happens much more in men I think it
happens much more in men but
the fact that it is because I haven't seen
the statistics but in this case the
clear example an abuser who has
committed vicarious violence or rather uh he has
put vicarious violence first yes what
they define as vicarious violence is
this or rather it is clear that it is to
hurt the mother Of course of course and that's why that's why
the children are
not going to be with anyone other than
me in the end I kill them the Matos I mean I kill them
which is tremendous but that anusca
I always it always we go it's that in
fact the other day last week
when we were discussing the subject that I
was sucking here for two nights of the case
that I wasn't fresh in my mind it left me it
left me freaking out because I believed that they had
convicted him too  for
gender violence but no no no he was
convicted of gender violence I am that it is
I am that it is me really and
because that subject the subject of the ...
abuser before ordering the killing of
his children What happens is that there
was no sufficient evidence of a crime
to bring him to trial
but
come on then the case that
because it is not proven that the
psychological damage to the mother was caused on
purpose, I don't know, it seems to me a
clearer case than that of José Bretón of
gender violence in that sense But
of violence but but I think that it is
absolute violence absolute violence
But why because because it was from a
man But yes, it is what we often
criticize here but I think that it is a
case of violence and brutal abuse, I
think it is one of the worst that we have seen
but why do you call it
gender because here in Spain we have
a law that is gender violence is
worth a law that and I do not
call it it calls it the law So it
is clear, of course, the law of
gender violence includes a lot of crimes
that can range from
humiliation, from a uh, from a
revelation of secrets, from a thousand
things, it is not only
physical aggressions, so according to what the law
calls psychological abuse, there is
not a clearer case  that this
is totally clear Of course but for
example it is what I have refuted
here many times when it is the other way around
as I have seen cases up close So
when it is the other way around the pain is totally
different and it is the rage that it gives me
many times Ah well another one but here
here we are already debating whether it is well
done or not so well done of course that is why it is
called that everything
is in a helmet what angers me a lot
is that many times the
news when we see that type of
things is in a helmet or in other words everything is put
in the same case many times without
investigating obviously that there are
millions of women who have suffered
abuse at the hands of men
obviously archaic sexist people of the
patriarchy who abuse who abuse of
power who abuse of for the mere fact
of being men obviously but then
I see so many clear cases of psychopaths
and it is not for the mere fact of being men
women but because they are people who lack
empathy who are like that and obviously
those people do not change
regardless of sex and some
arrive  to Crime and others are not So it
bothers me that everyone is put in the same
bag because some are men and
others are women, that's why you understand
what I want to say,
sexist murder because a man killed
a woman without investigating, that's what
bothers me, period, you know, that's it. Look,
domestic violence. That's how it is and the punishment
is different, man, and that bothers a
lot of people, men and women, and that's what
I don't understand. Why when there's
a similar case, the other way around, eh. It's not the case that the
punishment is the same, but well,
we didn't come here to talk about that, I
imagine, okay. Well, let's not talk
about Carlos, let's not talk about
eh. Let's
choose a topic, eh. Man, who is
Jaiza, the one who killed his mother to
do harm? Ah, the new apartment, eh,
Marta Riesco's new house,
eh,
Anuska, I'm not a true denialist.
But if I really were to get
to know me a little, those who are not
denialists. It's just that I don't like it, well, I'll
finish with this, okay, Javi, but I don't
like it, HM, feeling like everyone in a
helmet is the same.  and and that they don't
sell us things that I don't feel that way. I mean
and not because of that eh
violence denier no I don't like this new
ideology that they're trying to sell us I'm
really telling you I don't like it and I
feel that eh Everything is put in the same
bag when I think that we should
investigate the bags a lot more to
label it there and that's why have a
worse penalty which is that it is simply that for
real I mean no more or I mean the man
and the woman on fire and all those
unfortunate people who commit crimes Well
[ __ ] it and make them pay whether they are men or
women Look, this is what Majo says,
Majo's super chat is totally that, it is that it is that, that's the
same thing, when it's the other way
around it is not treated the same it's
simply that So that makes it
seem like you are in rvi etas with the
opposite and it is not like that it is that you see that there is
a weaker part at the legal level
currently simply that eh eh And in
large part because of a policy that
wants revenge does not want justice and that is what
makes me angry on a personal level look,
in my life I have had a much better
relationship with  women the women of my
life I mean for my life I love
women because everything almost everything has been
women and with men precisely
not from me I mean then I should say the
opposite and it's not like it's not like that then it makes me
really angry that they don't understand each other
well Well yes people do
understand it well in general but as if it
can be distorted it's not like that that's what I
was explaining before and I'll stop it's that I see that
people now are getting into
the Lore Let's see in it in it has the other way around
for example there was a case
last year in San Juan de p there was a
that case was not dealt with by the tribe nor by
Carlota corredera nor any of the
feminists It seems to me that there are feminists
in San JP precisely and and there was a case
of a chick who murdered her daughter I do
n't remember how old she was but I
think the girl was 4 years old
and she killed her for hurting the
father and she has let's say she has a good
sentence eh I mean they sentenced her to
permanent revisable imprisonment also I
mean there are cases too  on the contrary Of
course there are But well, I mean,
people will be outraged the day they have a
conviction, no, they don't like it, I mean, in that
case, Well, look, the conviction is not
permanently reviewable, you know. So no, it
's not the case in which I debate whether I
care that gender violence exists, it does
n't exist, for me it's a law that
doesn't make any sense at the moment
in which you discriminate against people based on
sex because it goes against the
Constitution, you know, but but well,
you I mean, no, no, you see, you don't. So
now now you finally have a case, uh,
a clear case, no, because it's always
very difficult to prove
psychological abuse because there has to be an
intention to carry it out, in other words,
psychological abuse, for a conviction to occur, it
's not just that you're not well, but
that they did it with the intention of,
of, totally, but you have a very
clear case here and now they don't condemn the
guy, you know how. Well, you [ __ ] the
[ __ ] [ __ ] that, well, man. Well,
look now with the publication of this
book And with it, well, it'll be necessary to
read it, no, I don't know, it's that  if the
subject is going to be discussed I would like to
read it to be informed more than
anything about To what extent this
person can manipulate Well yes
Look as he says, in the east of
Carlota to manipulate the truth
regardless of whether she has confessed I do
not know if through this book she
can now take legal action not because of
the publisher against him or if
something of what he says and she can be of any use I do
not know I do not know How it goes I can't think of
anything he is already
convicted I can't think of anything but it is
the first Yes well It is the first time that
he recognizes the facts no Although he
was already or rather I do not know if that changes or
even could improve the fact of
recognizing the facts the sentence I do not think
no I have read something in some newspaper but it is
not that there are people it is that there are people who
say that yes he does it to
benefit the sentence but I can't think of a
way I do not know if there will be a
lawyer in the room but eh a confession
can reduce your sentence and the fact
that you reach an agreement on the
sentence but if the sentence is already
made and the jail is already or  I can't
think of anything to get benefits other
than behaving well and working in
prison I mean, I don't care if I confess, no I
mean, I think he's an abuser
simply and and he is for I mean what
this guy is doing what this
guy is doing and it's the big dilemma
of this book is what he's doing is
abusing the mother I mean he gives an
interview he already knows that everyone knows
that he killed his children he already knows that
people are not stupid so apart from that he
's a guy he's a guy who's not stupid it's that he's
usually very intelligent yes he is
what he's doing with this is
abusing the mother Okay, look, I'm
going to abuse you because I'm going to give some
statements that are going to go viral and they're
going to echo eh 15 years later or 14 I
don't know how long ago
what I've done to you is going to echo again I mean I'm going
to kill your children again today you
understand me he's an abuser and he will be an
abuser and he's a guy that for me and  Now
with this we finish the topic for me it is
the perfect example that yes there should
be in some cases the
death penalty first permanent a
lot of years and then the
death penalty you know or here is a very clear
example of Why the death penalty Yes yes
me too Yes but the thing is that I also
agree but that would generate a
dilemma because then when Yes that Yes that
applies to certain cases then because
this yes this no I mean what you know what I
want to tell you what you Today I am
enjoying this debate eh my goodness
feminism of returning to pedagogy
this nu this new postfeminism confuses
and in citizenship I agree but
because what they seek is to polarize Look at
the documentary it is an example of something
not transcendental to what life is, I mean
there are political parties that what
they want is to continually confront and
the moment that you make comments an
example like what I have done before it
seems that you are a Neanderthal
But what are you saying Neanderthal not at all is what
the majority of the people think on
the street but it is It is really like that
you can think it  same not a little bit eh
Well there may be nuances not in life
or and that's it and nothing happens but it
seems that as soon as there is eh some
difference Come on, I'm not going to swallow you see you never
nothing happens You know that we are not I
want to tell you it's that we can't think
differently and nothing happens but but I don't know
look Javi, well consider having a debate
about this that I think that people people had we had
a special
last week no no I'm not saying about
gender violence but call me and I'll prepare it
tomorrow tomorrow we have By the way tomorrow we have
a special program with Miriam
Moya and with Trium ar don't miss it
because tomorrow comes eh a lawyer
called Paloma you'll forgive me for not
remembering her last name but well she's
always c rón Ah I don't remember her
last name Wait, whatever that is and I
know it, don't you know it if Paloma Paloma
Ramón is Fran's girlfriend no no Paloma
Ramón let's see she's always on Tele5
Paloma Ramón Ramón Rubio
psychologist Ah no This is a p psychologist
wait okay it's it's
put It's Fran's girlfriend What do you say Paloma I
don't know the last name Tomorrow we are with tri
unar and with Miriam Moya we are going to talk
mainly about the issue of Marta del Castillo we will
also comment a little on the
appeal to Daniel Sancho I don't know if
Juango is going to stop by I was talking to
him on the phone today and but come on Paloma who
is a lawyer Sorry I don't
remember the last name I'll tell you tomorrow
okay she's with us for a while I don't know I do
n't know if it will be that one or not
and Manuel Huerta okay from Lazarus is also
going to be with us they were the
company in charge of examining
Carcaño's phone OK So tomorrow
we have a live broadcast on the
main channel at 10:30 that you can't
miss ok and I'm seeing that you're not
interested in me announcing
Sunday's guest or rather because there are 14 super chat
alone or rather you're not
interested Hey people are
more interested in this case Hey let's see I'll give you another
clue in case you're curious but
this is already a minip pistill the mini clue
is it
could be  that
eh
sang in a
group man
Man could I have said well it could
be man it could be and in a big group
besides it could be Marta Riesco
shows us her new house let's
see it there's no sound eh you can comment
Marina if you want put it on okay come on come on I'm
going to put the voice on
Riesco goes around her kitchen playing everything she
walks like a master of what is attention
because she's heading to the attraction or these are
my views my Alejandro record me well let's
see how it is I'm going out now I look to the
other side Let's see tell me something look now I'm
looking at you no the truth is that they are eh
Okay now Play a little let's see like this
posing for you okay This is my hallway
one room two I stretch a little I'm going out pretty a
little beautiful I open a
door for you I open the other one I smile look one
bathroom to put on makeup every day for the
TV show one
room another bathroom I have two kids
I have two on sale on sale and now a
kiss Ugh for the badges Marta what am I going to
give you with my looks good good good
good I'm throwing it away has three
rooms eh there are three No yes one  It's going to
be a dressing room, I
think it's nice. Eh, the apartment is nice,
eh, It's nice. I think I know where it is and I'm
going to go. I don't know if it's in the area because it's
very big, you know, it's huge, it's
like towns and such. It says it in the
article so I haven't taken it,
but it says one of the most
fashionable areas of Madrid, but I don't know which one it's
referring to. And no, and no, not because of the place, I don't have
it open yet, yes, I do have it
open, it's Cañaveral, it could be in Las
Tablas, in Las Tablas, to Las Tablas. Well,
look where he was, as if we were
going, next to half an hour. Yes, very
far, very far from Prado del Rey, very
far from Prado del Rey.
Spanish television is going to have to take the car
to go for half an hour.
Spanish television is in front of Federico, I
mean, I was freaking out because I said,
how, I mean, yes, yes, but not Prado del Rey.
Ah, yes, yes, okay. Yes, I've
been too, El Pirulí, okay, okay. Yes, yes, yes, it's true,
you're right. Federico is
in the buildings opposite, in a ground floor. What do I mean, damn, where has
this been too?  I did
n't expect it to be there at all
and and in front you cross and there's El
Pirulí which is like Well, look how
close it is then El Prado del Rey
is not where it is So no Prado
well Prado del Rey is more I mean
Marta has a car let's see how I can
explain Prado del Rey to you
eh Ah no no no sorry behind there is
the famous penthouse on the table next to
half a set of course this is Cañaveral I
think It's that it is it's like a eh Let's
see because of someone who has
recognized it that I know I think it is let's
see
wait Yes it is that I think it is here or
rather Look look for Caña Veral I think it is
here it's like in or rather it is Let's
see why it doesn't come out now
okay
eh It is very well
connected to the center of the
capital he didn't want to give details
Ah different fallacy well um we have
discovered where it is but they don't say
man yes it is Caña Veral if they say they say that he
said it here it wasn't there It was there It was
put to me by a colleague and such Ah that
she said it but let's see the
apartment yes it is true that it is not huge
but the terrace  The house is very good, it's
very good. And let's see, I'll tell you one thing, when it's
bought,
mm Hey, I don't know the mortgage they ask for
apartments in Madrid these days. They're
very expensive, as if we were there, you couldn't earn.
These are, these are from 300 to 500, eh.
That's why,
eh. And let's see, I think in an entry, I don't
know if they finance you and they also usually
ask for pay slips and everything, you know, and let's see,
no, I don't know, I don't know why,
in the end, our profession is not very
stable, that's what it is, so, eh,
I don't know, the truth is, man, she must have bought the apartment, I don't know the
agreements she has with Alejandro and such. I'm
not going to get into that, but it
surprises me because you have to give an advance,
curious, then I mean, but well, yes, it's
true that she must have earned money on the networks from the
other apartment, she was paying well in
rent. So, I don't understand, but
well, maybe they have also
lent to her, they have left her family,
I don't know, I don't know, but of
course, less than 300,000, nothing, no
way, look in Madrid.  No way, before
buying this same one, this same one,
I looked for the same quality in Madrid. I
was about to go to Madrid, you
told me. I say since I'm going to move
there, I think I have more
job opportunities and all that and
my bragging but the same quality that
I bought here there is
600,000, I mean, the same rooms
and all the things that I have here.
How many rooms do you have,
can I ask you? How many rooms do you have? I have
four, I have two children and I work, four
rooms, I have two children and I work
here, I needed, needed four of
course,
so the same thing in
Madrid is that we are cut off. What in
Madrid two years ago was a 150 apartment,
now it's almost double that, now it's
horrible, I mean, for me it's the worst
moment and she bought it now, I mean, it's uh, I
bought it alone and with my mom's help, I
have no idea but oh,
says one, I live next door. Well, look, but
no, no, I'm not telling you, 400,000 or who knows, who
knows what it's worth, I think they gave her
60,000 and the rest would be asked for in the
mortgage but she has counted it I
can't believe she has
counted it, let's see, of course it is that it is no no no no
Ana obón has surprised us today
no Or it is not a surprise Of course you can't
put the photo of the cover s
Of course you can man We have a
video here what I believe Is that the media
maybe we have to inform but never
approve and cover up as it was being
proven and covering up that it is that from
the media it seems that she is a heroine that
the cover is censored here the Ah
sick as Rubén says that this is
absolutely proven But
the psychologists tell you that, the
psychiatrists tell you that, everyone tells you
This is not normal and it cannot be
considered as such And
we cannot offer it from the media as
such he said that
eh No but I am in complete agreement with
what the woman says I respect Ana, I am
not going to disrespect her but it is not
normal what she is doing eh shady Let's
see eh Can you hear me well no
HM it's that I see you as lagued
no  Tell me okay let's see the thing is that well on the
occasion of the girl's 2 years and
her 70 No well eh with Well they
delight us with this cover of the
Hola magazine and with a small interview no the
interview itself doesn't give much Well it
tells that if at 13 years old she had
like a small thing there in her
stomach that they had to It's good
that they had to operate on her like a
small tumor but well at
those ages Well well they didn't suffer
things in the same way because
again the death of the son the death of the
mother the death of the father the death of
her dog okay And evidently well
well talking a little about the
usual thing more or less it's the same as
always what's worth a little is the image
no And yes it's true that let's see
we can't start judging either the
girl's face which is what has been
commented a lot not about the girl She comes out well
with a horrified face not
quite sad or quite let's see we don't
know what she lives behind closed doors
and nothing yes it's true that there
comes a point that no longer for us
because in the end it is  content but for
her That is obviously healthy It is that it is
healthy who are we to know
if maybe this Well that is
obviously very normal Well maybe it
is not but Who are we to
know if this has brought her
happiness Well it will be her only way Well
yes it is the life of a girl but
well the girl is not lacking You're welcome The
only thing that she is going to miss is her
mother unfortunately for a matter of
logic not for anything else so she
says when she grows up I will explain it to her I will
explain things to her but the thing is that maybe it is
not because I am cruel it is reality
Maybe when she grows up you are not there It is that it
is a matter of logic not
for anything else so another thing
that has caught my attention that I want to
comment on is the reaction of Alejandro
Lequio Of course because he has told him
regarding this subject in Ana Rosa it is a
little taken out of context how we
all like to do that The truth is that there is
Pepe Navarro's inheritance and they have
asked him and you see It is not, it is nothing
of my daughter, I mean, she is her daughter, she is the daughter
of Ana Ob  brigón is not my son's daughter
no because he said Well your daughter I mean
Alex's daughter eh I mean I have to give
something of you this girl no because she is
your son's daughter and such talking about in in on the
issue of the inheritance of Pepe
Navarro's son of the supposed son of Pepe
Navarro Well of Pepe Navarro's son and he
says no because she is not mine she is not she is
Ana Obregón's daughter she is not she is not my she is not the daughter of she is
not my son's daughter and such And yes, it is
true that it must be explained that
legally she is not Alex's daughter she is the
biological daughter of al but legally she is the daughter
of Ana Obregón So
Ana Obregón had to come out the magazine Hello
clarify this same thing that yes, it is true that
legally she is not she is not Alex's daughter
but biologically but that it is taken out
of context blah blah blah that with
Alejandro Lequio she has a very good
relationship that they talk a lot and that
he is aware of the whole process I
think not even with three wigs because
Ana is Anita she calls her Anita the Fantastic
for a reason because she lives in her
parallel world and in her movie that to me  I
would love to, well in her movie. Before
this happened to her, of course, and I don't think the
relationship is that wonderful, she
hasn't said anything in those
statements either, whether she really sees Alejandro or not. I
would like to know. I don't
know, in the end, because she's a little girl, I
understand that she won't lack anything
financially, but of course on an
emotional level. Well, when she's older,
even if she has a designated guardian, who I do
n't know if it's the cousin that
Alessandro had or whoever. I don't know, I think she's
going to lack little things, little things, for
a matter of. Well, of age, no, and of
life, and well, this has been one of the
topics of the day because the rest of the
magazines haven't been like they've been
lately, uh, very striking, and well,
man, Ana, well, I don't know if she needs the
money, which I suppose she does, but
again with the issue of the girl, it's already
more than anything, it's like it's tiresome, it's like
otherwise, and I'll also tell you, Javi, that she
resembles the father, uh, I see more and more
resemblance
to him. I mean, you can't say that she's not
his daughter, uh, biological, let's get things done.
how are they let's see but but of
course Do you think that Alexandro Lequio will
really leave her an
inheritance? Yes no because let's see well he doesn't
have others no no because it's that of course it's
there the thing is I think
that Alexandro Lequio who is a guy, besides,
very forceful, very everything but man, he
has to have his little heart I don't know what he's
going to think because it's that you see her and it's that he is he is
physically he's a bit of a
son too, you know and I don't know, I don't know how to
handle the duel because Alexander is
the opposite of Ana, a super
reserved guy who is not going to come to you
or anyone to tell you how he is or how he's been He's not going to
cry or but but
no no I think that no I think that
Alexander no no because apart from I don't know
to what extent he's going to need it or not I do
n't know I think that with what happened with Ana and with
what Ana left everything tied up in that
sense she'll be fine But emotionally
the little girl, well I don't know she and Ana
Obón has said that he calls her mom, he calls her
mommy and all that Well, it's good that she'll
explain things to her  when I have to
explain it to her but I don't know I just
think it's that it's a I have it's like
a mix not of Feelings of Well
if Ana and the girl are happy then she
will be happy because she will take care of her and
treat her well but of how the
inside story of this whole process has been and that
is a little bit not healthy no
of I don't know I don't know what you think but we are
not going to listen to a friend Raúl
Castillo a friend of Ana Obregón who
throws her a little bit of a truce Look
we all like to have an opinion on everything you know what I'm
telling you and well everyone can have their opinion what they
want I think she's not doing
anything wrong anymore I love to see her smile
eh the little one is the main reason for
her smile and her hope that she
has finally returned The smile and the hope to
her life which is no small thing in this aspect
ra understands that living without hope is the
worst thing that can happen to you and Ana was like that
after losing her son but now put
Sandra and she has a very big hope
so please leave her alone a little so
that she can be happy so that she can raise her
princess like she is  consider that she is
consecrating her raising her wonderfully well
full of love and she has also denied that there
was no one at the celebration
since there we are the blood family the
chosen family I mean I can
assure you that it was hilarious When she
entered if you see her little face when
Minnie Mouse enters or rather and then
singing happy birthday there we are well
the whole family in terms of the
overexposure that the
television presenter is doing of her daughter in
the media r defended that each one of us
has the right to do with our lives
what we consider appropriate without
getting into the lives of others I think that
she does not harm anyone well let's see
with what she ended up with the son it is not very
coherent But who is this man is
one of her best friends ever I have been
seeing him all my life I mean
he never fails him let's go he never fails Ana at
all evidently he is not going to speak
badly of Ana it will be the opposite in
fact during all the Boom the Boom of the
beginning when she was about to give
birth to the girl such and such were always at
Raúl's house the companions 247 but the
poor guy would be freaking out but come on
Raúl always goes  to go out all the best
eh of course the life of the granddaughter is not that of
Ana Of course, let's see Ana's has been
rather unconsciously selfish in the
sense of satisfying her own
needs But let's see of course the arrival
of a girl to the world is always a
joy but of course thinking in the medium
long
term Well maybe that girl when she comes
of age Well the thing is that her mother is that of
course
people get older and what and
then man that girl well man will have
more family but it's not that I don't know
These stories leave me a bit a bit
people say that it's going to be a trauma with
legs the girl or not Or maybe it will turn out the
opposite It's that I have seen so many
things that it is that I don't know I don't know what you
can find has he wanted to
replace the son with a granddaughter Yeah but
I'm going to miss the WiFi Javi
yes fatal you look fatal okay
Throw me we could stay like this
enjoying the views a bit no and
the landscape like that peeks out the window No
what do you think family We have one
more issue and we're going to go no I don't know if I'm
going to go for the  kids now I think so I think he's
sending me some place so I can go
there now
So yes I'll go there now
Well I'm seeing that you don't want to
Look there's one minute left until
today's objective ends well today's objective has
not been successful eh yesterday we did 50
super chat yesterday we did 50 super chat
tremendous no but today apparently no it has not
motivated us no we are not interested in
knowing who this macare is I look
sleepy Well look The truth is that I do look
sleepy bad business because
today tomorrow and I have one day left H that I
have to I have to give it my all you have to give it all
to which I have to give it
all yes let's see and we have one last
topic we had we had several pending
in fact we finally had some
subject left but I caught one that I think
you would be very interested in then Since I
think that you are passionate about this topic I'm
going to put it here so that you can give me your
opinion it's about gender violence it's not a
joke
Oh no or
what Look Javi
Javi
come on it's not going it's not going But why doesn't it go I  I do
n't think so, I think
someone has gotten in here, eh. Because I don't know about the WiFi, I mean, I don't
know, someone has gotten in here,
guys, it's not going to work. But how come it's not going to work? Oh, but
with all the [ __ ], how funny it was, I've seen it
before and I'm going to see, but
how come it's not going to work? Let's
see if it works.
Terel abandons him, survivors, he doesn't
exceed 21 days. His sister says she ca
n't take it anymore. Although for me, there's something
that particularly calls my attention,
for having slept every day on the
island, he doesn't have a single hard
mosquito bite on his arm, it's a huge achievement
because, hey, the rest of his companions are
full of bites, but Terel, one and a
suspicious one, we're not going to comment on everything,
but first I'm cabi ollos seiden for
more gossip, maybe Terelu is one of those
people who manages to keep any mosquito from
going to her and she goes to her companions and they don't
bite her, she's lucky. But well,
she has said that she has overcome many
fears, that she has bathed alone for the first time,
that she has shown her arms, her
body, it's true that in
recent weeks she has become the
undisputed protagonist of survivors.
Being there has been worth it
Honestly it has given us many great
moments I feel sorry that she is leaving, that she
doesn't surpass her sister's mark and that she
doesn't become a
full-fledged survivor but we already knew she was
going to leave from the beginning and she lasted
18 days I would like to know your
opinion follow me for more gossip because
you have your opinion let's
see my opinion I hadn't noticed
the mosquito bites maybe p
new I don't want to tell you exactly in
that detail now I am going to tell you about
others that I have noticed I have noticed
her before and after is that she is I
think she has gained weight or she is the same she
is exactly the same as sleepy she is
listen to me she is exactly the same I
mean, let's go eh 18 days or 20 days or
how much has she been 18 I am going to drop
dead gorgeous without a single
mosquito bite And wait, what a mess has been
made among survivors for an alleged
lighter pay attention to the picture that I am
going to tell you about here but I am sure you have not
seen it
the other day  one of the contestants
gala has nominated I think a I think it
's playa Furia a part of the group has been
nominated disciplinarily
because one has confessed that she found
a lighter no then of course they made a
fire and they say of course they caught them here it's that they
catch you all let's go they asked them
that they had a lighter hidden so
suddenly everyone was like
incriminated that for one thing or
another well everyone had something to do with
the trap So everyone nominated
the whole group nominated and Terelu there was a
frame of Terelu on that face or rather in that
in that subject as if saying my God
HM like a little nervous no of Maybe
I had something to do with it they're going to
uncover me here of course and there's something like
de maoke over there some slightly
strange image of ni cotisa what was her damn let's
see they found it in a
boat some cookies a lighter and I don't
know what that could be from a worker
could be from a worker But let's
see I don't know what you want me to tell you I  I do
n't know about you, the first thing I thought
was this is from Terelu, I don't know what brand of
tobacco It would be good maybe Oh she's
smoking another brand but I think this
is from Terelu then that secondly
then they're
selling us to see survivors
I'm loving it but precisely what
I like the least is Terelu's plot I mean it's like we do
n't care
just like Carmen Borrego last year
gave it life this year for me it's
Terelu's appearance I mean her
star appearance is taking a bath in
the sea or in Honduras with that
paradisiacal beach whatever it is like Wow she has done
a feat seeing the daughter and the sister
on set proudly applauding and the
director saying I'll pay you 5 to the audience
applaud I mean it's a it's a way of
speaking what do I think I'm really
telling you Javier Oliveira Ávila it's that I mean it's that it
's strong of strong of strong
then something else and I
finish I think they've screwed up they've
screwed up the format with this type of
people but of course like Juan Ramón
Juanra the director  boss of quartz
is totally tied to terelu and he's not going to let her
go the Campos are in it together it
's that they'll put it in tomorrow that it's the
same as bait for tomorrow's gala
tero on plate is doing a
wonderful edition full of plots of of
everything what does it matter to us having it in Plato he has
n't done anything but sleep eh eh
sneaking away from a storm not doing
any tests when coldo what
happened I think two cancer in a man
who is 67 years old did a
spectacular test yesterday that almost made me
cry a humble guy a guy who gives it
all the tests brutal and
this lady comes to us Please eh that what we already have
scales in according to What things Ah
as if there were Let's go as if he had
raised a pyramid of of the
pyramid of queos let's go he went to Egypt he came
back he did Well really it's that it's that he has
given us almost no content he
gave us two memes and four things and he has
taken how much a cent and a bit euros
Javi it's that between that and the thing with
Spanish television it's that we can't
believe it anymore it's that really  that it is
private It is that it is very strong It is that it is
really that I am not I am really telling you
hashtag indignant this is an excerpt
because it is absolute indignation
indignation with the title great indignation
against elu Campos eh two points because
tomorrow they are going to give us the turra in
the [ __ ] program of course half for the
Treasury but if elu has taken more
than the majority of the contestants who
reach the final Javi and you Here
saying that tomorrow I don't know what that you no
Javi No really no life is
complicated I am not telling you no a picture let's
see but well the program has accepted
that agreement with her it has been interested in
having the program of course the prama the
program has agreed to pay whatever and
whatever they have agreed with
her to have it there and that's it or rather there is no
more I mean yesterday she made a
22 it seems to me a you are freaking out that has not
seen tele5 she only sees it with this and
with the island of the concentrations she does not see it
the rest an 8 a nu an 8 an 8
survivors 22 The Island 18 the rest 9
7 or so it is eh how much did it do yesterday I think
a 21 is a truth my goodness no that's
why I tell you of
course you think a 21 the advertising more
or less 10:30 11 at night those
ads that 7
minute block I don't know can an ad be worth it there I do
n't know but let's go there yes those
above get away with it to turn off aelus
several let's go no no But well that's how it is I have
maybe I have an exclusive
eh then at the
salseria I have to consult it about no
Sure but here I plan here that you
tell us a little so that people go
there I have to ask if I
can publish or not they have sent me
something or rather is it publishable and no I mean it is not
told directly it is
publishable first yes it is not an image it is an
image but I don't know if I can publish it or
not an image would be cool it would be cool to
put it but but I'm going to ask it
first let's see wait in fact I'm going
to ask it has to do eh I mean it's
an image of someone you appreciate or of
someone controversial with whom you are
faced
m Well I'm not faced with
her She's a woman
guys she's a woman she's a woman no Javi
juanjus will go to Big Brother Duo as a
couple and Random well well yes no don't
laugh because I'll tell you one thing if you
two were as a couple Big Brother
Duo I'll tell you you think that the people
there Imagine the majority of Spain
knows us that it's the lady the older people
know us No you imagine him I'm
telling you the people I'm talking to you the people the gentleman
eh well Okay Imagine that nobody
knows you okay to him I don't have to
imagine that nobody knows him but I
'm telling you imagine put yourself in the
situation that nobody or okay that
nobody knows you no you don't exist you're
new suddenly you both come out as a
couple Big Brother Duo I'll tell you if they do
n't know you You're welcome you both come out
first you'll be expelled
by Spain is that how you understand me
Why no well we should see it I'm going to
play
Consuelo's audio to say goodbye she sent me
an audio before when we were talking about the
subject  and I didn't realize let's
see what he says I'm watching you I'm
watching that no no no all this is coming
that I think I'll leave or anything that all this is
coming because when I listen to the flight the
next day I put a tweet where I say
the pantojo from iona in no time he will
be asking them for lottery tickets and
coupons to the
chestnuts but because of what was
discussed on the flight about the
chestnuts the cleaning of the house and all
that and on Sunday an
editor calls me an editor calls me directly
and I explain everything to him I tell him that
what I'm doing is reacting to
a YouTube channel where
this has been discussed and that my my tweet is
about that but that at no
time am I a chestnut or anything
eh He asks me if I want to enter and such And I
leave it there like okay on
Sunday Monday morning he
insists again and then I
tell him the same thing and I tell him the story
Okay
and and when am I going to connect What a
coincidence that both in zoom and in
Skype Hey technical problems and at
no time was I watching the  label
I say I can't believe it when I
saw it later I say these people are crazy
but if the editor knew that I
wasn't the zala or anything that I had
reacted to a YouTube channel that
was flight 714 that had been
commenting on
that Okay, very well Hey, they've
deleted a post on
Instagram for saying
for saying what J is that I
just went on Instagram to check
something and they deleted this
post let's
see for saying that I'm really a
[ __ ] But how are they going to delete
an Instagram post for
saying that you're really a [ __ ] if nowadays you
can upload many more things because of let's
see this post I uploaded it on
Instagram Hello, I won't be able to go to work
because I woke up very [ __ ] no I think it's
because of homosexuality it's an
illness right but the dark one says it
Ah yeah yeah what does it matter to Instagram I mean
without the interpretation of the
thumbnail oh oh what a meme Hello, I won't be able to go to
work because I woke up very
[ __ ] and they deleted it but that's
because someone reported you or  I don't
know, I don't know how it will work,
well, it's not enough. Okay, guys, I'm going to take
a look, uh, I'm going to see how the
salsería is doing, but I think that we're going over
there for a while to see some gossip, and I think I might have
an exclusive,
uh, I think I might have a little bom. I'll
tell you now, marinilla, we'll
see you on Sunday, darling, many of you. And
that I had a great time. Tomorrow, maybe with a
guest, tomorrow, we'll see you on the
main page. Okay, if you're not coming to the salsería,
don't forget that tomorrow at
10:30, we'll see you on the main page. eh. A
program that's amazing,
eh. A kiss, a kiss, people. Wait because of
the outro. Ah, there was one, there was one
in the beginning who was saying that he
missed her and walki is like.
So you're not watching the programs
until the end. The thing about Walking. Ah, no,
that's not about you, okay, it's just that I'm reading
at most about Walking. They don't call that about
you, no, it's not about Angel because he
's very white. Ah, I thought it was you because of
the song, look
I don't know that, see you family, there
you have it
[Music]
are
you are
[Music]
was
sund heartbeats
[Music]
on
you
al al
an